[docs] Modal Tutorial (#27306)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs-beta/docs/tutorials/category-two/modal/rss-assets.md

<CodeExample path="project_dagster_modal_pipes/project_dagster_modal_pipes/pipeline_factory.py" language="python" lineStart="36" lineEnd="61"/>

Now that the data is in R2, as Modal expects, we can invoke the Modal application via Dagster. We will do this using Dagster Pipes. Pipes provide a wrapper around a subprocess. This is ideal for executing code in other environments. This also allows us to pass Dagster any necessary context or environment variables to Modal. This is particularly helpful for things like the access keys for the R2 Bucket. Now using the Dagster `ModalClient` we can invoke the Modal application:

<CodeExample path="project_dagster_modal_pipes/project_dagster_modal_pipes/pipeline_factory.py" language="python" lineStart="62" lineEnd="92"/>

Using pipes, Modal will emit events back to Dagster so Dagster can monitor and wait for the Modal application to finish running. Dagster will then continue the orchestration of our assets and move onto the next step after the transcribed text files are uploaded to R2.

> The next asset will take those new files and summarize them with OpenAI. After a summary has been created, we can use `MaterializeResult` to record the summary text and the associated R2 key within the Dagster Catalog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next asset will take those new files and summarize them with OpenAI. After a summary has been created, we can use <PyObject section="assets" module="dagster" object="MaterializeResult /> to record the summary text and the associated R2 key within the Dagster Catalog:
```

<CodeExample path="project_dagster_modal_pipes/project_dagster_modal_pipes/pipeline_factory.py" language="python" lineStart="93" lineEnd="120"/>

> The final step in our DAG pipeline takes that summary and email the user with [yagmail](https://github.com/kootenpv/yagmail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final step in our DAG pipeline emails the summary to the user with [yagmail](https://github.com/kootenpv/yagmail).
```

## Sensor

> We have defined all the assets needed to transcribe and summarize a podcast. Now we want to make sure we are notified of new podcasts as soon as they are available. We can define a sensor in Dagster to check the podcast url and determine if any new podcasts have been uploaded. To do this we want to check the `etag` of the RSS feed. The sensor will be responsible for maintaining a cursor of tags and determining if there have been any podcasts not yet processed. This way, the first time we start our Dagster sensor it will execute a run for each podcast, but after that initial execution, the sensor will only look for new podcasts that are uploaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have defined all the assets needed to transcribe and summarize a podcast. Now we want to make sure we are notified of new podcasts as soon as they are available. We can define a [sensor ](/guides/automate/sensors/) in Dagster to check the podcast URL and determine if any new podcasts have been uploaded. To do this, we want to check the `etag` of the RSS feed. The sensor will be responsible for maintaining a cursor of tags and determining if there have been any podcasts not yet processed. This way, the first time we start our Dagster sensor, it will execute a run for each podcast, but after that initial execution, the sensor will only look for new podcasts that are uploaded:
```

<CodeExample path="project_dagster_modal_pipes/project_dagster_modal_pipes/pipeline_factory.py" language="python" lineStart="167" lineEnd="208"/>

## Factory method

> That is all we need for our podcast workflow. We now want to apply this to multiple podcasts. Luckily the code has already accounted for that. If you zoom out on the assets and sensors we have been creating, you may have noticed they are parameterized. This is because all of this work exists within a factory function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is all we need for our podcast workflow. We now want to apply this to multiple podcasts. Luckily, the code has already accounted for that. You may have noticed that the assets and sensors we have created are parameterized. This is because all of this work exists within a factory function:
```

<CodeExample path="project_dagster_modal_pipes/project_dagster_modal_pipes/pipeline_factory.py" language="python" lineStart="30" lineEnd="31"/>

> We use this factory to reuse the components and apply them to multiple RSS feeds. In the next section we will discuss some of the best practices around the factory pattern in Dagster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use this factory to reuse the components and apply them to multiple RSS feeds. In the next section, we will discuss some of the best practices around the factory pattern in Dagster.
```
